Add Module.md files to langlib modules (#17194)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.string/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.string/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provide langLib functions which operate on Ballerina strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides lang library functions which operate on 'string' values.
```
